Add hardware version overwrite section (#441)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/software-version-hardware-version.mdx

(i.e. `smart-toaster` and `smart-oven`) and different board revisions of the
same device type (i.e. `smart-toaster-evt`, `smart-toaster-pvt`, etc.).

:::info

> 
> Devices can be configured to overwrite the hardware versions. Please contact us
> at support@memfault.com if you want to enable this feature.
> 

Reviewer: Maybe contextualize this tip a bit more:

```suggestion

By default, the hardware version of an individual Device gets recorded *once* (the first time they report in to Memfault). To make this value rewritable, please contact us at [support@memfault.com](mailto:support@memfault.com).

```

Reviewer: Also made the email address clickable, a quick search shows that we're a bit inconsistent with the style though.
